second recording of this one shank it's
true
[Music]
you
I
[Music]
Hey
Oh
[Music]
ah
you
[Music]
here we go again then this one is an
Epiphone 56 Goldtop Les Paul styled like
the original Les Paul's were mahogany
back bargaining neck mahogany top
finished in a nice gold metallic only
Cove 5 p90 pickups I put that in for the
people who don't think I know what I
talk about but these are Annika 5p 90s
whatever that is
three-way is always the normal controls
but a nice smooth sound watch the demo
you'll hear it's totally different to a
humbucker at Les Paul feels are saying
feels great a little bit lighter maybe
but some give a little guitar it's been
used it's been played but it's set up
lovely and it plays great now few little
marks on it it's secondhand to only 225
quid
is it goodie if you fancy it you know
where it is